Copyright (c) 2010 - 2013, Armin Biere, Johannes Kepler University.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to use this software for
evaluation and research purposes.

This license does not allow this software to be used in a commercial context.

It is further prohibited to use this software or a substantial portion of it
in a competition or a similar competetive event, such as the SAT, SMT or QBF
competitions or evaluations, without explicit written permission by the
copyright holder.

However, competition organizers are allowed to use this software as part of
the evaluation process of a particular competition, evaluation or
competetive event, if the copyright holder of this software submitted this
software to this particular competition, evaluation or event explicitly.

This permission of using the software as part of a submission by the
copyright holder to a competition, evaluation or competive event is only
granted for one year and only for one particular instance of the competition
to which this software was submitted by the copyright holder.

If a competition, evaluation or competetive event has multiple tracks,
categories or sub-competitions, this license is only granted for the tracks
respectively categories or sub-competitions, to which the software was
explicitly submitted by the copyright holder.

All other usage is reserved.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.
